Medical imaging is an extremely exciting and critical component of modern medicine.
It allows us to see the organs inside the body,
and even look at the cell level for things that might be going wrong.
Devices that are used to acquire medical images are constantly becoming more advanced.
They're becoming cheaper, faster,
more accurate, and safer.
With those advances, come new capabilities for seeing
inside of the human body with even greater precision,
and in greater volumes.
Since AI is fueled by Big Data,
each of these advances also presents new opportunities for AI to enhance medicine.
As you probably know from any previous exposure to deep learning,
you need a lot of data to train deep learning models.
All of the recent advances in medical imaging have
created larger and larger repositories of medical data to learn from,
so it's prime time for AI applications in this space.